,id,revisions,comments,inline_comments,status,is_accepted,url,commit_message,exist_target_file,added_satd,is_added_satd,deleted_satd,is_deleted_satd,added_and_deleted_satd
36,190,11,37,19,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/190,Adds SSL configuration params to the client,True,"{'# doc_root can be a nullstring, which is valid, and why we # cannot simply do doc_root or self.DEFAULT_DOC_ROOT below.': 5, '# 0. GET / with no Accept: header # Verify version choices returned. # Bug lp:803260  no Accept header causes a 500 in glance-api': 8, ""# TODO(jaypipes): eventlet's greened socket module does not actually # support IPv6 in getaddrinfo(). We need to get around this in the # future or monitor upstream for a fix"": 10}",True,{},False,{}
110,333,6,21,15,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/333,Add functional tests,True,"{'# Keystone can take care of itself on this score': 1, ""# Froggy shouldn't be able to give themselves permission too # easily..."": 1, ""# Froggy shouldn't be able to give themselves ownership, # either"": 1}",True,{},False,{}
45,350,7,24,46,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/350,Adding Keystone support for Glance client.,True,"{""# TODO(sirp): For now we're just dealing with one endpoint, eventually # this should expose the entire service catalog so that the client can # choose which service/region/(public/private net) combo they want."": 1, '# FIXME(sirp): for now just using the first endpoint we get back # from the service catalog for glance, and using the public url.': 1, '# TODO(jk0): Does this need to be lowercase?': 1, '# TODO(sirp): should we be using the glance_tokeauth shim from # Keystone here? If we do, we need to make sure it handles the NoAuth # case': 3, '# 2. Indentity-Status not confirmed # FIXME(sirp): not sure what the correct behavior in this case is; # just raising NotAuthorized for now': 3, ""# FIXME(sirp): Nova image/glance.py currently calls this. Since this # method isn't really doing anything useful[1], we should go ahead and # rip it out, first in Nova, then here. Steps: # #       1. Change auth_tok in Glance to auth_token #       2. Change image/glance.py in Nova to use client.auth_token #       3. Remove this method # # [1] httpmail.python.org/pipermail/tutor/2003-October/025932.html"": 7, '# 2. Indentity-Status not confirmed # FIXME(sirp): not sure what the correct behavior in this case # is; just raising NotAuthorized for now': 7}",True,{},False,{}
78,386,10,29,7,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/386,Implementing changes-since param in api & registry,True,{'# TODO(bcwaldon): handle this logic in registry server': 6},True,{},False,{}
61,425,1,1,0,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/425,Adding Keystone support for Glance client.,True,"{""# TODO(sirp): For now we're just dealing with one endpoint, eventually # this should expose the entire service catalog so that the client can # choose which service/region/(public/private net) combo they want."": 1, '# FIXME(sirp): for now just using the first endpoint we get back # from the service catalog for glance, and using the public url.': 1, ""# FIXME(sirp): Nova image/glance.py currently calls this. Since this # method isn't really doing anything useful[1], we should go ahead and # rip it out, first in Nova, then here. Steps: # #       1. Change auth_tok in Glance to auth_token #       2. Change image/glance.py in Nova to use client.auth_token #       3. Remove this method # # [1] httpmail.python.org/pipermail/tutor/2003-October/025932.html"": 1, '# TODO(sirp): should we be using the glance_tokeauth shim from # Keystone here? If we do, we need to make sure it handles the NoAuth # case': 1, '# 2. Indentity-Status not confirmed # FIXME(sirp): not sure what the correct behavior in this case # is; just raising NotAuthorized for now': 1}",True,{},False,{}
114,427,2,5,0,ABANDONED,False,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/427,separate proxy controllers from server module,True,{'# TODO: mock http connection class with more control over headers': 2},True,{'# TODO: mock http connection class with more control over headers': 2},True,{}
60,455,3,9,1,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/455,Fixing bug 794582 - Now able to stream http(s) images,True,{'#TODO(bcwaldon): find a better way to close this connection': 1},True,{},False,{}
73,458,1,10,4,ABANDONED,False,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/458,Add protected properties,True,"{'# NOTE(Vek): The filter_props() call should only be needed #            here, in image creation; once the properties are #            created, they are marked as protected, and that #            persists.  It should be noted, though, that there #            is no mechanism for new protected properties to #            be added to existing images, nor is there a #            mechanism to revoke the protected status on a #            property. # Take care of protected properties': 1}",True,{},False,{}
72,465,1,3,0,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/465,Fixes LP Bug #833285,True,"{""# TODO(jaypipes): This would be an easy area to parallelize # since we're simply sending off parallelizable requests # to Swift to delete stuff. It's not like we're going to # be hogging up network or file I/O here..."": 1}",True,{},False,{}
84,477,1,1,0,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/477,Fixes LP Bug #833285,True,"{""# TODO(jaypipes): This would be an easy area to parallelize # since we're simply sending off parallelizable requests # to Swift to delete stuff. It's not like we're going to # be hogging up network or file I/O here..."": 1}",True,{},False,{}
83,482,1,3,0,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/482,Fixes LP Bug#755916 - Location field shows creds,True,"{'# Strip out the Location attribute. Temporary fix for # LP Bug #755916. This information is still coming back # from the registry, since the API server still needs access # to it, however we do not return this potential security # information to the API end user...': 1}",True,{},False,{}
85,483,1,1,0,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/483,Fixes LP Bug#755916 - Location field shows creds,True,"{'# Strip out the Location attribute. Temporary fix for # LP Bug #755916. This information is still coming back # from the registry, since the API server still needs access # to it, however we do not return this potential security # information to the API end user...': 1}",True,{},False,{}
120,552,3,3,0,ABANDONED,False,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/552,Pull volume-cleanup-2 from bzr,True,"{""# FIXME(vish): I've kept the files during stop instance, but #              I think start will fail due to the files still"": 1, ""# FIXME(vish): I've kept the files during stop instance, but #              I think start will fail due to the files still #              existing.  I don't really know what the purpose of #              stop and start are when compared to pause and unpause"": 1, '# NOTE(justinsb): We remove the domain definition. We probably # would do better to keep it if cleanup=False (e.g. volumes?) # (e.g. #2 - not losing machines on failure)': 1, '# The /dev/disk/by-path/... node is not always present immediately # TODO(justinsb): This retry-with-delay is a pattern, move to utils?': 1, '# NOTE(vish): Copied discover from iscsi_driver since it is used #             but this should probably be refactored into a common #             area because it is used in libvirt driver.': 1, '# TODO(vish): refactor this into a more general ""reserve""': 1, '# TODO(vish): refactor this into a more general ""unreserve""': 1}",True,"{'# TODO(yamahata): # should move check_attach to volume manager?': 1, '# NOTE(justinsb): We remove the domain definition. We probably # would do better to keep it if cleanup=False (e.g. volumes?) # (e.g. #2 - not losing machines on failure)': 1, '# The /dev/disk/by-path/... node is not always present immediately # TODO(justinsb): This retry-with-delay is a pattern, move to utils?': 1}",True,{}
119,573,1,1,0,ABANDONED,False,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/573,splitting up volume and compute coupling,True,"{'# FIXME(vish): why do we need dev_path?': 1, '# TODO(vish): refactor this into a more general ""unreserve""': 1}",True,{'# TODO(yamahata): # should move check_attach to volume manager?': 1},True,{}
113,575,1,1,0,ABANDONED,False,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/575,fix log string and detach_volume,True,"{'# TODO(vish): refactor this into a more general ""reserve""': 1}",True,{},False,{}
126,580,1,1,0,ABANDONED,False,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/580,WIP changes being handed off to vish.,True,{'# TODO(GRUE): return the dict of love. # return mount_device': 1},True,{},False,{}
136,587,1,1,0,ABANDONED,False,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/587,add libvirt volume drivers,True,"{'# The /dev/disk/by-path/... node is not always present immediately # TODO(justinsb): This retry-with-delay is a pattern, move to utils?': 1}",True,{},False,{}
140,592,1,1,0,ABANDONED,False,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/592,fixing block device info in terminate,True,{'# NOTE(justinsb): We remove the domain definition. We probably # would do better to keep it if cleanup=False (e.g. volumes?) # (e.g. #2 - not losing machines on failure)': 1},True,{'# NOTE(justinsb): We remove the domain definition. We probably # would do better to keep it if cleanup=False (e.g. volumes?) # (e.g. #2 - not losing machines on failure)': 1},True,{}
141,593,1,1,0,ABANDONED,False,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/593,disconnect from boot volumes on terminate,True,"{""# FIXME(vish): I've kept the files during stop instance, but #              I think start will fail due to the files still"": 1, ""# FIXME(vish): I've kept the files during stop instance, but #              I think start will fail due to the files still #              existing.  I don't really know what the purpose of #              stop and start are when compared to pause and unpause"": 1, '# FIXME(vish): we need a way to find the root device name on rebuild': 1}",True,{},False,{}
157,604,1,1,0,ABANDONED,False,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/604,fix bdm delete and add back discover,True,"{'# The /dev/disk/by-path/... node is not always present immediately # TODO(justinsb): This retry-with-delay is a pattern, move to utils?': 1, '# NOTE(vish): Copied discover from iscsi_driver since it is used #             but this should probably be refactored into a common #             area because it is used in libvirt driver.': 1}",True,{},False,{}
214,620,9,16,10,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/620,"Remove AoE, Clean up volume code",True,"{""# FIXME(vish): I've kept the files during stop instance, but #              I think start will fail due to the files still"": 1, ""# FIXME(vish): I've kept the files during stop instance, but #              I think start will fail due to the files still #              existing.  I don't really know what the purpose of #              stop and start are when compared to pause and unpause"": 1, '# NOTE(justinsb): We remove the domain definition. We probably # would do better to keep it if cleanup=False (e.g. volumes?) # (e.g. #2 - not losing machines on failure)': 1, '# The /dev/disk/by-path/... node is not always present immediately # TODO(justinsb): This retry-with-delay is a pattern, move to utils?': 1, '# NOTE(vish): Copied discover from iscsi_driver since it is used #             but this should probably be refactored into a common #             area because it is used in libvirt driver.': 1, '# TODO(vish): refactor this into a more general ""reserve""': 1, '# TODO(vish): refactor this into a more general ""unreserve""': 1}",True,"{'# TODO(yamahata): # should move check_attach to volume manager?': 1, '# NOTE(justinsb): We remove the domain definition. We probably # would do better to keep it if cleanup=False (e.g. volumes?) # (e.g. #2 - not losing machines on failure)': 1, '# The /dev/disk/by-path/... node is not always present immediately # TODO(justinsb): This retry-with-delay is a pattern, move to utils?': 1}",True,{}
202,640,5,14,13,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/640,compute_api create*() and schedulers refactoring,True,"{""# TODO(comstud): We should use rpc.multicall when we can # retrieve the full instance dictionary from the scheduler. # Otherwise, we could exceed the AMQP max message size limit. # This would require the schedulers' schedule_run_instances # methods to return an iterator vs a list."": 1, ""# TODO(comstud): I would love to be able to return the full # instance information here, but we'll need some modifications # to the RPC code to handle datetime conversions with the # json encoding/decoding.  We should be able to set a default # json handler somehow to do it. # # For now, I'll just return the instance ID and let the caller # do a DB lookup :-/"": 1}",True,"{'# TODO(sandy): I guess someone needs to add block_device_mapping # support at some point? Also, OS API has no concept of security # groups.': 1, '# TODO(vish): this probably belongs in the manager, if we #             can generalize this somehow': 1, '# NOTE(vish): this probably belongs in the manager, if we #             can generalize this somehow': 1}",True,{}
184,641,2,11,3,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/641,Fixes euca-describe-instances failing or not showing IPs,True,"{""# FIXME(comstud) rpc calls raise RemoteError if the remote raises # an exception.  In the case here, because of a race condition, # it's possible the remote will raise a InstanceNotFound when # someone deletes the instance while this call is in progress. # # Unfortunately, we don't have access to the original exception # class now.. but we do have the exception class's name.  So, # we're checking it here and raising a new exception. # # Ultimately we need RPC to be able to serialize more things like # classes."": 2}",True,{},False,{}
195,646,2,13,32,ABANDONED,False,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/646,Adds melange to nova,True,"{'# Set log configuration from options... # Note that we use a hard-coded log format in the options # because of Paste.Deploy bug #379 # httptrac.pythonpaste.org/pythonpaste/ticket/379': 1, '#TODO(vinkesh/rajaram): very inefficient way to generate ips, #will look at better algos for this': 1}",True,{},False,{}
207,655,2,2,0,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/655,Merge from launchpad quantum/diablo branch:,True,"{""# The version info for the project you're documenting, acts as replacement for # |version| and |release|, also used in various other places throughout the # built documents. # # Version info # TODO(salvatore-orlando): replace here once Bug #826563 is fixed"": 1, ""# List of directories, relative to source directory, that shouldn't be searched # for source files."": 1}",True,"{'#TODO(ziad): maybe we rafactor this into a superclass # Applies to all protocols # Specific to this protocol': 1, '# TODO(Ziad): add additional details we may need, #             like tenant and group info': 1, '# Step 1: We need to auth with the keystone service, so get an # admin token #TODO(ziad): Need to properly implement this, where to store creds # for now using token from ini #TODO(salvatore-orlando): Temporarily restoring auth token retrieval, # with credentials in configuration file': 1, '##TODO(ziad):we need to figure out how to auth to keystone #since validate_token is a priviledged call #Khaled\'s version uses creds to get a token # ""X-Auth-Token"": admin_token} # we\'re using a test token from the ini file for now': 1, '#TODO(Ziad): there is an optimization we can do here. We have just #received data from Keystone that we can use instead of making #another call in _expound_claims': 1, ""#TODO(Ziad): make this more robust #first_group = token_info['auth']['user']['groups']['group'][0]"": 1, ""# TODO(Ziad): removed groups for now #            ,'group': '%s/%s' % (first_group['id'], #                                first_group['tenantId'])}"": 1, '#TODO(ziad): use a more sophisticated proxy # we are rewriting the headers now': 1, '#TODO(salvatore-orlando): This class should extend Middleware class # defined in common/wsgi.py': 1, '# This is bad, very bad': 1, '#TODO (salvatore-orlando): need bound checking here': 1}",True,{}
198,656,4,10,0,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/656,Add support for header version parameter to specify API version.,True,"{'# this is not the real unquoting, but fixing this so that the # RFC is met will result in bugs with internet explorer and # probably some other browsers as well.  IE for example is # uploading files with ""C:\\foo\\bar.txt"" as filename': 1, '# FIXME: Should we have a more sophisticated matching algorithm that # takes into account the version as well?': 1, ""# Didn't match a particular version, probably matches default"": 1, '# Calculate the best MIME type': 1}",True,{},False,{}
203,671,1,2,6,ABANDONED,False,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/671,Expiring Objects Support,True,{'# Reverse test to be sure it still would blow up the way expected.': 1},True,{},False,{}
211,675,2,4,0,ABANDONED,False,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/675,Adds TrustedComputingPools support,True,{'# also read PCR22 in #TODO:  need error handling': 1},True,{},False,{}
218,688,2,4,5,ABANDONED,False,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/688,Fixes bug 809614.,True,{'# TODO(jk0): Make these configurable.': 2},True,{},False,{}
227,693,13,20,3,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/693,Adds a script that can automatically delete orphaned VDIs. Also had to move some flags around to avoid circular imports.,True,"{'# TODO(jk0): Make these configurable.': 1, ""# NOTE(jk0): Err on the side of caution here. If we don't know # anything about the particular instance, print a warning and let # the operator handle it manually."": 11}",True,{},False,{}
229,697,2,7,0,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/697,Deallocate ip if build fails.,True,"{'# TODO(tr3buchet) not really sure how this should be handled. # virt requires network_info to be passed in but stub_network # is enabled. Setting to [] for now will cause virt to skip # all vif creation and network injection, maybe this is correct': 1, '# FIXME(sirp): when/if # httpsgithub.com/jcrocholl/pep8/pull/27 merges, we can add # a per-line disable flag here for W602': 1}",True,"{'# TODO(tr3buchet) not really sure how this should be handled. # virt requires network_info to be passed in but stub_network # is enabled. Setting to [] for now will cause virt to skip # all vif creation and network injection, maybe this is correct': 1}",True,{}
239,716,1,2,0,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/716,Fixed bug lp850602. Adding backing file copy operation on kvm block migration.,True,{'# Creating backing file follows same way as spawning instances.': 1},True,{},False,{}
252,730,1,3,0,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/730,Refactoring registry api controllers,True,"{'# TODO(sirp): should this be a dict, or a list of dicts? # A plain dict is more convenient, but list of dicts would provide # access to created_at, etc': 1}",True,"{'# TODO(sirp): should this be a dict, or a list of dicts? # A plain dict is more convenient, but list of dicts would provide # access to created_at, etc': 1}",True,{}
255,746,1,4,1,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/746,Fixes bug 862633 -- OS api consoles create() broken,True,"{""# ReservationID isn't sent back, hack it in there."": 1}",True,{},False,{}
262,761,2,6,3,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/761,Improve access check on images,True,"{'# NOTE(parthi): only allow image deletions if the user # is a member of the project owning the image # TODO Currently this access control breaks if # 1. Image is not owned by a project # 2. Deleting user is not bound a project': 1, '# NOTE(parthi): only allow image deletions if the user # is a member of the project owning the image, in case of # setup without keystone # TODO Currently this access control breaks if # 1. Image is not owned by a project # 2. Deleting user is not bound a project': 2}",True,{},False,{}
313,776,3,10,34,ABANDONED,False,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/776,Adds support for PCI-passthrough. Implements blueprint pci-passthrough.,True,"{""# This shouldn't raise # But extra_specs should be empty"": 1, '# Setup the regular expression that splits PCI addresses to domain, bus, slot & function': 1, '# Raises ValueError/TypeError if there is a problem': 1, ""# Move to next entry in 'pci_devices' key"": 1, '# AlexL-Zadara TODO: do smarter allocation with load balancing between PFs': 1, '# Setup the regular expression that splits PCI addresses to # domain, bus, slot & function': 2, ""# At this point it would be best to replace the appropriate # InstanceMetadata object in instance['metadata'] list. # But this is not easily possible, because of SqlAlchemy restrictions. # So we do a dirty trick: we cache instance_alloc_devices_dict in the # instance dictionary, and prepare_pci_devices_for_instance() and # get_allocated_pci_devices() will look there first"": 2, '# Move to next PCI address': 2, '# AlexL-Zadara TODO: do smarter allocation with load balancing # between PFs': 2}",True,{},False,{}
274,801,5,29,2,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/801,Add 'os-networks' extension,True,"{'# TODO(nsokolov): implement full CRUD, not done right in nova too': 1}",True,{},False,{}
272,802,3,12,6,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/802,Capture exceptions happening in API layer,True,{'## Fault Wrapper around all EC2 requests ##': 1},True,{},False,{}
282,809,6,18,15,ABANDONED,False,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/809,Build metadata as needed through callbacks.,True,"{'#TODO(wwolf): once we have ec2_id -> glance_id mapping # in place, this wont be necessary': 1}",True,"{'# TODO(vish): store ancestor ids': 1, '# TODO(vish): store product codes': 1}",True,{}
284,828,1,2,0,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/828,Further changes to the cleaner.,True,{'# NOTE(jk0): This would be triggered if a VM was deleted but the # actual deletion process failed somewhere along the line.': 1},True,"{'# anything about the particular instance, print a warning and let # the operator handle it manually.': 1}",True,{}
287,830,2,8,5,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/830,Xenapi driver can now generate swap from instance_type,True,"{""# NOTE(johannes): Unit tests will end up with a device called # 'autodetect' which obviously won't exist. It's not ideal, # but the alternatives were much messier"": 1}",True,"{'# FIXME(sirp): when/if # httpsgithub.com/jcrocholl/pep8/pull/27 merges, we can add # a per-line disable flag here for W602': 1, ""# NOTE(johannes): Unit tests will end up with a device called # 'autodetect' which obviously won't exist. It's not ideal, # but the alternatives were much messier"": 1, ""# vdi['vdi_type'] is either 'os' or 'swap', but we don't # really care what it is right here."": 2}",True,{}
290,834,1,2,0,ABANDONED,False,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/834,Coding style clean up through pep8 and pylint Complete geo tag as part of trust_state{} with default off,True,{'#TODO: (Fred) need error handling': 1},True,{'# also read PCR22 in #TODO:  need error handling': 1},True,{}
315,859,11,37,20,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/859,Convert instancetype.flavorid to string,True,"{'#TODO(bcwaldon): find out why we have to manually check uniqueness here': 1, ""# NOTE(bcwaldon): this is a hack to preserve uniqueness constraint # on existing 'name' column"": 4}",True,{},False,{}
318,872,3,11,3,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/872,Adds the ability to automatically issue a hard reboot to instances that have been stuck in a 'rebooting' state for longer than a specified window.,True,{'# TODO(Vek): Need to pass context in for access to auth_token': 1},True,{},False,{}
319,877,1,1,0,ABANDONED,False,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/877,Initial working version of generate_swap,True,"{'# FIXME(sirp); hard-coding for now, should pull from flavor': 1, ""# NOTE(johannes): Unit tests will end up with a device called # 'autodetect' which obviously won't exist. It's not ideal, # but the alternatives were much messier"": 1, '# FIXME(sirp): old style, REMOVE': 1, '# FIXME(sirp): temporary flag used for testing': 1}",True,"{""# NOTE(johannes): Unit tests will end up with a device called # 'autodetect' which obviously won't exist. It's not ideal, # but the alternatives were much messier"": 1}",True,{}
351,897,6,20,12,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/897,Xen Storage Manager Volume Driver,True,"{'# TODO purge storage repos': 1, '# For now the scheduling logic will be to try to fit the volume in # the first available backend. # TODO better scheduling once APIs are in place': 1, '# !!! TODO': 1}",True,{},False,{}
337,900,3,18,0,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/900,Start switching from gflags to optparse,True,"{'# # This horrendous hack allows us to stop optparse # exiting when it encounters an unknown option #': 1, ""# # FIXME(markmc): this doesn't support --boolflag=true/false/t/f/1/0 #"": 1, '# FIXME(markmc): ignoring lower_bound': 1}",True,"{""# We're doing some hacky stuff here so that we don't have to copy # out all the code of the original verbatim and then tweak a few lines. # We're hijacking the output of getopt so we can still return the # leftover args at the end"": 1}",True,{}
344,914,1,3,7,ABANDONED,False,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/914,Fix quantum/melange ipam interaction,True,"{""# There isn't a good way of figuring out what the ipam # tenant id should be before hand so we have to try both # (project_id and None)."": 1, '# TODO(bgh): At some point we should figure out whether or # not we want the verify_subnet_exists call to be optional.': 1, '# TODO(bgh): Would be nice if we could just do something like: # GET /ipam/tenants/{tenant_id}/networks/{network_id}/ instead # of searching through all the blocks.  Checking for a 404 # will then determine whether it exists.': 1}",True,"{'# FIXME(danwent):  Melange actually returns the subnet info # when we query for a particular interface.  We may want to # rework the ipam_manager python API to let us take advantage of # this, as right now we have to get all blocks and cycle through # them.': 1}",True,{}
338,915,1,1,0,ABANDONED,False,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/915,Change network delete to delete by uuid instead of cidr,True,"{""# TODO(bgh): The project_id isn't getting populated here for some # reason.. I'm not sure if it's an invalid assumption or just a bug. # In order to get the right quantum_net_id we'll have to query all the # project_ids for now."": 1}",True,{},False,{}
374,916,10,30,49,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/916,Add DHCP support to the QuantumManager and break apart dhcp/gateway,True,"{""# TODO(bgh): We'll need to enable these when we implement the full L3 # functionalities # self.driver.ensure_metadata_ip() # self.driver.metadata_forward()"": 1, '# TODO(bgh): Melange should probably track dhcp_start': 1, '# TODO(bgh): At some point we should consider merging enable_dhcp() and # update_dhcp()': 1, '# TODO(bgh): if this is the last instance for the network # then we should actually just kill the dhcp server.': 1, ""# NOTE(bgh): deallocate_for_instance will take care of this..  The reason # we're providing this is so that NetworkManager::release_fixed_ip() isn't # called.  It does some database operations that we don't want to happen # and since the majority of the stuff that it does is already taken care # of in our deallocate_for_instance call we don't need to do anything."": 1, '# TODO(bgh): This request fails if you add the "".json"" to the end so # it has to call do_request itself.  Melange bug?': 1, '# TODO(bgh): Rename this method .. it\'s now more of a # ""get_subnets_by_net_id_and_vif_id"" method, but we could probably just # call it ""get_subnets"".': 1, '# TODO(bgh): if this is the last instance for the network # then we should actually just kill the dhcp server. # TODO(bgh): At some point we should figure out whether or # not we want the verify_subnet_exists call to be optional.': 2, '# TODO(bgh): Would be nice if we could just do something like: # GET /ipam/tenants/{tenant_id}/networks/{network_id}/ instead # of searching through all the blocks.  Checking for a 404 # will then determine whether it exists.': 2}",True,"{""# TODO(bgh): The project_id isn't getting populated here for some # reason.. I'm not sure if it's an invalid assumption or just a bug. # In order to get the right quantum_net_id we'll have to query all the # project_ids for now."": 1, ""# There isn't a good way of figuring out what the ipam # tenant id should be before hand so we have to try both # (project_id and None)."": 1, '# FIXME(danwent):  Melange actually returns the subnet info # when we query for a particular interface.  We may want to # rework the ipam_manager python API to let us take advantage of # this, as right now we have to get all blocks and cycle through # them.': 2}",True,{}
357,923,3,9,6,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/923,Overhauls the image cache to be truly optional,True,"{""# TODO(jaypipes): This is so incredibly wasteful, but because # the image cache needs the image's name, we have to do this. # In the next iteration, remove the image cache's need for # any attribute other than the id..."": 1}",True,{},False,{}
371,956,2,6,0,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/956,Fixed bug lp850602. Adding backing file copy operation on kvm block migration.,True,{'# Creating backing file follows same way as spawning instances.': 1},True,{},False,{}
379,967,1,1,0,ABANDONED,False,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/967,Indent domain removal to only be ran when it is not None.,True,{'# NOTE(justinsb): We remove the domain definition. We # probably would do better to keep it if # cleanup=False (e.g. volumes?) (e.g. #2 - not # losing machines on failure)': 1},True,{'# NOTE(justinsb): We remove the domain definition. We probably # would do better to keep it if cleanup=False (e.g. volumes?) # (e.g. #2 - not losing machines on failure)': 1},True,{}
385,976,7,16,0,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/976,Change network delete to delete by uuid or cidr,True,"{""# TODO(bgh): The project_id isn't getting populated here for some # reason.. I'm not sure if it's an invalid assumption or just a bug. # In order to get the right quantum_net_id we'll have to query all the # project_ids for now."": 1}",True,{},False,{}
387,978,1,1,0,ABANDONED,False,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/978,Add DHCP support to the QuantumManager and break apart dhcp/gateway,True,"{""# TODO(bgh): We'll need to enable these when we implement the full L3 # functionalities # self.driver.ensure_metadata_ip() # self.driver.metadata_forward()"": 1, '# TODO(bgh): Melange should probably track dhcp_start': 1, '# TODO(bgh): At some point we should consider merging enable_dhcp() and # update_dhcp()': 1, '# TODO(bgh): if this is the last instance for the network # then we should actually just kill the dhcp server.': 1, ""# NOTE(bgh): deallocate_for_instance will take care of this..  The reason # we're providing this is so that NetworkManager::release_fixed_ip() isn't # called.  It does some database operations that we don't want to happen # and since the majority of the stuff that it does is already taken care # of in our deallocate_for_instance call we don't need to do anything."": 1, '# TODO(bgh): This request fails if you add the "".json"" to the end so # it has to call do_request itself.  Melange bug?': 1, '# TODO(bgh): Rename this method .. it\'s now more of a # ""get_subnets_by_net_id_and_vif_id"" method, but we could probably just # call it ""get_subnets"".': 1}",True,"{""# TODO(bgh): The project_id isn't getting populated here for some # reason.. I'm not sure if it's an invalid assumption or just a bug. # In order to get the right quantum_net_id we'll have to query all the # project_ids for now."": 1}",True,{}
393,987,9,26,32,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/987,Convert image id value to a uuid,True,"{'# TODO(wwolf): do some sort of UUID-validity check here?': 1, '# TODO(wwolf): should this work?! #cmd = ""bin/glance --port=%d show %s"" % (api_port, image_id) #exitcode, out, err = execute(cmd) #self.assertEqual(0, exitcode) #self.assertTrue(\'Status: killed\' in out)': 1, '# TODO(wwolf): should this be working?? #expected_headers = {\'x-image-meta-id\': \'3\', #\'x-image-meta-status\': \'killed\'} #req = webob.Request.blank(""/images"") #req.method = \'GET\' #res = req.get_response(self.api) #print res #self.assertEquals(res.status_int, 200) #for key, value in expected_headers.iteritems(): #self.assertEquals(value, res.headers[key])': 1}",True,{},False,{}
392,988,14,28,8,MERGED,True,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/988,Creating uuid -> id mapping for S3 Image Service,True,"{'#TODO(bcwaldon): right now, this removes user-defined ids. # We need to re-enable this.': 1, '# TODO(bcwaldon): We need access to the image uuid since we directly # call the compute api from this class': 12}",True,{},False,{}
391,999,1,3,0,ABANDONED,False,https://review.opendev.org/#/c/999,Deallocate ip if build fails.,True,"{'# TODO(tr3buchet) not really sure how this should be handled. # virt requires network_info to be passed in but stub_network # is enabled. Setting to [] for now will cause virt to skip # all vif creation and network injection, maybe this is correct': 1, '# FIXME(sirp): when/if # httpsgithub.com/jcrocholl/pep8/pull/27 merges, we can add # a per-line disable flag here for W602': 1}",True,"{'# TODO(tr3buchet) not really sure how this should be handled. # virt requires network_info to be passed in but stub_network # is enabled. Setting to [] for now will cause virt to skip # all vif creation and network injection, maybe this is correct': 1}",True,{}
